bad news for August 2nd 2015
and with the skype guest troy'd of any
treasure plan 2003 VHS is all this my
new copies damaged as well February 27
2003 this tapes also completely damaged
just like yeah I do have a good news
video coming up after this but let's
start the bad news first
our after rewinds tape I forgot sorry I
was watching the damage earlier here it
is yeah you can already tell it's not a
good sign look at this oh my god didn't
just mess up the screen on my VCR oh my
god
oh dear God
this is really bad the disables get
worse or something
oh it just turned off my TV crap
oh no the tape guy eating again guys
oh oh yeah
bad freaking news this a messed up my
VCR oh man this tapes horrible this
tapes so much more guys the new worst
damage tape ever this tape I'm throwing
to say about tonight oh my god oh I'm
just turning off my TV for now this tape
is worse oh my god I'm going to state in
the garbage man this thing's horrible
I might even smash this case I might
even smash this case man this is
horrible
oh my god I think this messed up my VCR
oh my god look look at this look at this
Oh Oh hum I have to get my dad to fix
this
this could mess up my VCR see you guys
my next video I'm very scared right now